---
layout: post
title: "Week 4.1"
img: week4.1.jpg # Add image post (optional)
date: 2018-03-12 12:55:00 +0300
description: Week 4.1
tag: 
---
You've got to learn to fight the temptation to resist these things. Just let them happen. Use absolutely no pressure. Just like an angel's wing. We'll have a super time. Exercising the imagination, experimenting with talents, being creative; these things, to me, are truly the windows to your soul. Now then, let's play.

You can do anything your heart can imagine. A thin paint will stick to a thick paint. Let your heart be your guide.

Anything you want to do you can do here. There's not a thing in the world wrong with washing your brush. Every highlight needs it's own personal shadow. Working it up and down, back and forth. This is probably the greatest thing that's ever happened in my life.

There isn't a rule. You just practice and find out which way works best for you. A beautiful little sunset. In painting, you have unlimited power. You have the ability to move mountains. You can bend rivers. But when I get home, the only thing I have power over is the garbage.

Just go back and put one little more happy tree in there. I'm going to mix up a little color. We’ll use Van Dyke Brown, Permanent Red, and a little bit of Prussian Blue. If we're going to have animals around we all have to be concerned about them and take care of them. Even trees need a friend. We all need friends. Don't forget to tell these special people in your life just how special they are to you. Nature is so fantastic, enjoy it. Let it make you happy.

We spend so much of our life looking - but never seeing. Just make a decision and let it go. Let's get crazy. A big strong tree needs big strong roots. A tree cannot be straight if it has a crooked trunk. At home you have unlimited time.

I guess I'm a little weird. I like to talk to trees and animals. That's okay though; I have more fun than most people. We don't have anything but happy trees here. You have to make almighty decisions when you're the creator. Have fun with it.
